Initial LRGS install documentation. (#694)
opendcs/opendcs: docs/source/start-lrgs.rst

###########################
LRGS Installation and Setup
###########################

This Document is part of the OpenDCS Software Suite for environmental
data acquisition and processing. The project home is:
https://github.com/opendcs/opendcs

See INTENT.md at the project home for information on licensing.

.. contents. Table of Contents
   :depth: 3

What is the LRGS?
#################

> The letters LRGS stand for Local Readout Ground Station. The primary purpose of this component is to get date from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The letters LRGS stand for Local Readout Ground Station. The primary purpose of this component is to get data from
```

satellite sources, a DRGS (Direct Readout Ground Station) or an HRIT (High Rate Information Transfer).

> See The legacy lrgs user guide for additonal informaiton <./legacy-lrgs-userguide.rst>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See The legacy lrgs user guide for additional information <./legacy-lrgs-userguide.rst>
```

While this is still a reasonable description the LRGS can take data from Satellites (HRIT, DRGS, NOAAport), Irridium,
, HRIT files, or another LRGS (DDS Protocol), and any network device that implements the DAMS-NT protocol as 
built-in sources.

Users can also provide custom sources to the LRGS.

> What each LRGS data source has incommon is that it aqcuires a unit of data, for example a GOES transmission, and saves it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What each LRGS data source has in common is that it acquires a unit of data, for example a GOES transmission, and saves it 
```
